as of today, travelers in central and north limburg can use
this is definitely a means of transport
dpa adha
the trains that will be deployed in the back in 2008 will be used on 24 June
that is all to be named after a famous Dutchman
and we thought Father Karel a more well-known Limburg citizen also a man
right away
with a special appearance that has done a lot of good things
we thought we had sufficient reason to call him the empire
a high delegation from the Father passionist
the train has now been officially recognized in it
the location was a young group a week before leaving an official holiday
collective bargaining on January 5, therefore being an example for the other year with
beavers the q fever of the trainsets hardly known there by the strong
increased
and i really like that pater karel in that respect a hit from it
to say in the season
it appears again that nature can do water for the umpteenth time
walk
is and remains popular under pressure
among the plu the norwegian population and far beyond 0
Also on the train travelers can later get information about the line through
which was officially proclaimed as Pope Benedictus last year
sixteenth it was clearly the one where the train has been mentioned regularly as well
appears on the screen in the train
also worked the
biography
from such a famous limburger
and that it is also clear why the train to a little scary
the and which are running at that time many catholics is a lundon's netherlands
and the rest of the world as 2007 the year of Father's canonization
karel
Fox is confident that more and more protostar workplaces are to be found after
interrogation munstergeleen home I hope it is fast
keep beating that people are still worse the law stipulates that kato stay
have been able to continue to experience with both thanks to his support
I am convinced that this is certainly the case
last year counts
Presenter character will be a lot safer
I am convinced that Water Karel certainly contributed to it
becomes safer
The transport company is counting on the new Father Charles train for sure
will ride for ten years
on the route between Roermond and Nijmegen
the empire the speedboat for about two and a half million kilometers